To create a new contact, make a POST call using basic authentication. The new contact will be added to the address book of the authenticated user.

* URL: *

http://login.newsocialcloud.com/api/v1/contact.format

* Formats: *

Replace format with either xml or json

* HTTP Methods: *

POST

* Parameters: *

<p>application_id: Your application id from http://newsocialcloud.com/developers</p>
<p>first_name: The contact's first name.</p>
<p>last_name: The contact's last name.</p>
<p>owner_id: Optional. The newsocialcloud user ID that owns this contact.</p>
<p>email: Optional. The contact's email address.</p>
<p>cellphone: Optional.The contact's mobile number.</p>
<p>birthday: Optional. The contact's date of birth. 
<p>Format: yyyy-MM-dd e.g. 2012-02-24</p>
<p>sex: Optional. The contact's gender. Accepts male or female.</p>
<p>city: Optional. The contact's city.</p>
<p>country: Optional. The contact's country.</p>
<p>zip: Optional. The contact's zip/postcode.</p>
<p>state: Optional. The contact's state.</p>
<p>occupation: Optional. The contact's occupation.</p>
<p>addressline1: Optional. The first line of the contact's address.</p>
<p>addressline2: Optional. The second line of the contact's address.</p>
<p>fax: Optional. The contact's fax number.</p>
<p>company: Optional. The contact's company.</p>
<p>tel: Optional. The contact's telephone number.</p>
<p>image_url: Optional. The contact's avatar/profile URL.</p>
<p>notes: Optional. Notes about this contact.</p>
<p>preference: Optional. Email or SMS.</p>
<p>bio: Optional. The contact's bio information.</p>
<p>website_url: Optional. The contact's website URL.</p>
<p>contact_type: Optional. Either Lead, Account or Opportunity.</p>
<p>lead_source: Optional. One of the following:</p>
<p>Google AdWords
<p>Google (organic)
<p>Other Search Engines
<p>Social Media
<p>Automation
<p>Cold Calling/Telemarketing
<p>Advertising
<p>Custom Referral
<p>Word of Mouth (Non Customers)
<p>Expo/Seminar
<p>Direct Mail
<p>Email Marketing
<p>Unknown

* Authentication: *

Basic authentication with username and password or remote API key belonging to the newsocialcloud user.

* Success Response: *

  {
        "image_url": "",
        "id": 10831941,
        "notes": "",
        "first_name": "carpas",
        "last_name": "missvalles",
        "full_name": "carpas missvalles",
        "firstName": "carpas",
        "lastName": "missvalles",
        "preference": "Email",
        "email": "xxxx@xxx.com",
        "company": "",
        "occupation": "",
        "birthday": "",
        "cellphone": "",
        "tel": "",
        "fax": "",
        "sex": "",
        "city": "",
        "addressline1": "",
        "addressline2": "",
        "country": "",
        "state": "",
        "zip": "",
        "unsubscribed": 0,
        "accounts": []
    }