To update a contact's details, make a PUT call using basic authentication.

* URL: *

http://login.newsocialcloud.com/api/v1/contact.format

* Formats: *

Replace format with either xml or json

* HTTP Methods: *

PUT

* Parameters: *

<p>application_id: Your application id from http://newsocialcloud.com/developers.html</p>
<p>contact_id: The contact id.</p>
<p>first_name: The contact's first name.</p>
<p>last_name: The contact's last name.</p>
<p>owner_id: Optional. The newsocialcloud user ID that owns this contact.</p>
<p>email: Optional. The contact's email address.</p>
<p>cellphone: Optional.The contact's mobile number.</p>
<p>birthday: Optional. The contact's date of birth.</p> 
<p>Format: yyyy-MM-dd e.g. 2012-02-24</p>
<p>sex: Optional. The contact's gender. Accepts male or female.</p>
<p>city: Optional. The contact's city.</p>
<p>country: Optional. The contact's country.</p>
<p>zip: Optional. The contact's zip/postcode.</p>
<p>state: Optional. The contact's state.</p>
<p>occupation: Optional. The contact's occupation.</p>
<p>addressline1: Optional. The first line of the contact's address.</p>
<p>addressline2: Optional. The second line of the contact's address.</p>
<p>fax: Optional. The contact's fax number.</p>
<p>company: Optional. The contact's company.</p>
<p>tel: Optional. The contact's telephone number.</p>
<p>image_url: Optional. The contact's avatar/profile URL.</p>
<p>notes: Optional. Notes about this contact.</p>
<p>bio: Optional. The contact's bio information.</p>
<p>contact_type: Optional. Either Lead, Account or Opportunity.</p>
<p>lead_source: Optional. One of the following:</p>
<p>Google AdWords</p>
<p>Google (organic)</p>
<p>Other Search Engines</p>
<p>Social Media</p>
<p>Automation</p>
<p>Cold Calling/Telemarketing</p>
<p>Advertising</p>
<p>Custom Referral</p>
<p>Word of Mouth (Non Customers)</p>
<p>Expo/Seminar</p>
<p>Direct Mail</p>
<p>Email Marketing</p>
<p>Unknown</p>

* Authentication: *

Basic authentication with username and password or remote API key belonging to the newsocialcloud user.

* Success Response: *

  {
        <p>"image_url": "",</p>
        <p>"id": 10831941,</p>
        <p>"notes": "",</p>
        <p>"first_name": "carpas",</p>
        <p>"last_name": "missvalles",</p>
        <p>"full_name": "carpas missvalles",</p>
        <p>"firstName": "carpas",</p>
        <p>"lastName": "missvalles",</p>
        <p>"preference": "Email",</p>
        <p>"email": "xxxx@xxx.com",</p>
        <p>"company": "",</p>
        <p>"occupation": "",</p>
        <p>"birthday": "",</p>
        <p>"cellphone": "",</p>
        <p>"tel": "",</p>
        <p>"fax": "",</p>
        <p>"sex": "",</p>
        <p>"city": "",</p>
        <p>"addressline1": "",</p>
        <p>"addressline2": "",</p>
        <p>"country": "",</p>
        <p>"state": "",</p>
        <p>"zip": "",</p>
        <p>"unsubscribed": 0,</p>
        <p>"accounts": []</p>
    }